any more thought
on what kind of play we want to write
remember if you put in nothing
it'll be nothing like your career
remember this face she was one of
spotlight magazine's
30 under 30 playwrights to watch we
watched but where'd she go
how are you archie tells me you're
teaching me
how's somebody who ain't had no real hit
gonna tell me how to write a play she
ain't no tyler perry
i did win a 30 under 30 award yes it was
quite a couple of years ago
what do i got to do write a slave
musical an all-white play
this some it rang a little
inauthentic
i asked myself did a black person really
write this
this some
think about me doing hip-hop doing what
to it
i want to make a mixtape about the 40
year old woman's point of view
why my skin's so dry why am i yawning
right now
why them aarp sending to my
house
this is 40.
for me
yo here's a little story about a girl
who's black let's add some asthma
attacks from all the courtyard crack
yo no happy blacks in the plot lines
please but a crane shot a big mama
crying on her knees
yo yo tried him his prime 40
old version
[Music]
this is about creating something that is
mine you're not just talking about
you making
you don't think i'm some crazy old girl
for doing this
i mean i ain't say all that
40-year-old virgin white man
with a black woman's butt how you carry
all that back there
what the
yes what the
[Music]
you